today welcome to the simple cooking
Channel today I'm going to make my
recipe for Japanese Miso's soup the
ingredients you're going to need Tim
Sims or wontons soy sauce ginger garlic
water chestnuts miso paste I use red bok
choy and here you go snow peas 2
chillies depending on how hot you want
it you might not want any chilies you
might want to put more in
you see mushrooms bean sprouts and
spring onions yomo let's get started
first we want 4 cups of water 2
tablespoons of miss OH tastes lovely
miso paste ok we want give this a really
good stir so it doesn't glob everywhere
now we're going to do this is to get a
masher and just mash it down so it
breaks it up a bit
that looks pretty good okay now we're
gonna put one level teaspoon of ginger
paste this place's I can get two heaped
teaspoons of garlic there we go what soy
sauce just like a dash or two so like
like that that's about enough just keep
mixing it all the while the the heat
should be on low to low medium and you
put in the water chestnuts cut up
basically close to a whole can
two-thirds to three-quarters of a can of
chestnuts next we put in the peas about
six snow peas cut up next we're putting
in all the spring onions and I cut up
now just cut up as much as you want
personal taste I usually cut up roughly
about 50 to 100 grams that should do it
next we throwing the bok choy about 150
200 grams
once again whatever your preference is
just give it a stir and you throw in
chilies that I've you've cut up I've put
in about two chilies I'll use green you
can use red whatever color you want if
you don't like things spicy then you
know don't put chilies in but I like to
have a little bit of spice get that all
mixed in there nice next we put in the
bean sprouts
this probably mean like that about 50
grams roughly and stir that in next we
put in mushrooms about 75 grams just cut
them up small like that and give this an
another stir steering is very important
when it comes to what most foods really
keep it consistent moving around
yomo deliver this now for the final
ingredient
Tim Sims or want ones I used in Sims
putting about between a dozen and 18
that's how much I put in give it a stir
now the the amount of time it would take
to get to this process of cleaning the
final ingredient in it was probably
around 30 to 45 minutes depending on
what consistency you're looking for in
the soup in the liquid part so now that
these are being put in the dim Sims
we'll leave that on about simmer pretty
low for 5 to 10 minutes and then it'll
be done
and there you have your Japanese missile
soup well I hope you enjoyed my recipe
for Japanese miso soup let's dig in
Oh beautiful I'll see you next time for
my next meal